# Problem
[841. Keys and Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/keys-and-rooms/)

There are N rooms and you start in room 0.  Each room has a distinct number in 0, 1, 2, ..., N-1, and each room may have some keys to access the next room. 

Formally, each room i has a list of keys rooms[i], and each key rooms[i][j] is an integer in [0, 1, ..., N-1] where N = rooms.length.  A key rooms[i][j] = v opens the room with number v.

Initially, all the rooms start locked (except for room 0). 

You can walk back and forth between rooms freely.

Return true if and only if you can enter every room.

**Example 1**
Input: [[1],[2],[3],[]]
Output: true
Explanation:  
We start in room 0, and pick up key 1.
We then go to room 1, and pick up key 2.
We then go to room 2, and pick up key 3.
We then go to room 3.  Since we were able to go to every room, we return true.

**Example 2**

Input: [[1,3],[3,0,1],[2],[0]]
Output: false
Explanation: We can't enter the room with number 2.
Note:

1 <= rooms.length <= 1000
0 <= rooms[i].length <= 1000
The number of keys in all rooms combined is at most 3000.

# Algorithm
This is an example of a basic graph algorithm problem. The nodes are rooms and the edges are the relationship provided in the input array.
For example, in room 0 has key to room 1 and 3, so node 0 and 3 has an edge and node 0 and 1 has another edge. It would only be possible to visit all rooms if there is an interlink among all nodes in the network.

The classic way to solve this problem is to use DFS or BFS. If we choose BFS, we will need to initialize a `stack` and a set of rooms that we are able to visit (`visited`).
If we are able to get through all the rooms, then (`len(set) == len(input)`)

```
# initialize stack: list of indices for rooms that we will start at
stack = [0]
# initialize visited: set of rooms we are able to visit at the first move
visited = set([0])

while stack:
    idx = stack.pop() # pop the last index: 
    keys = rooms[index] # the corresponding rooms that we are able to visit
    for next_moves in keys:
        if next_moves not in visited:
            visited.add(next_moves)
            stack.append(next_moves)

```


# Code
```
class Solution(object):
    def canVisitAllRooms(self, rooms):
        """
        :type rooms: List[List[int]]
        :rtype: bool
        """
        stack = [0]
        visited = set([0])
        
        while stack:
            idx = stack.pop()
            keys = rooms[idx]
            for next_moves in keys:
                if next_moves not in visited:
                    visited.add(next_moves)
                    stack.append(next_moves)
        
        return len(visited) == len(rooms)
```
# Test
Passed

# Further Discusssions
This is a simple and basic problem for graph algorithm, which serves as a looping technique neccessary to solve other more complicated problems concerning graph. This problem gives the answer to the question of `Whether the nodes are inter-connected`?

A more generalized problem will be: if the nodes are not inter-connected and if we can add connections to the graph, what are the minimum number of extra connections that we need to add to make this graph inter-connected and what are these connections?
